_Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far?_
 * I initially became interested in programming through my search for a volunteer position. I stumbled upon the webpage for the organization Girls Who Code and was both impressed with the program and intrigued whether coding could be an option for me personally. I love the idea of being a women working in a STEM field, as well as the job stability and option for growth. In an effort to further expose myself to programming, I found instructional material for Ruby online and practiced the basic concepts on a repl. Based on my experience, although minimal, I can truly see programming being a skill set which I am proficient as well as enjoy.
 
_If you are accepted into our program, where do you see your career in 5 years?_
 * If I am accepted into your program, I see myself with a successful career in 5 years. I would like to be working for a company which offers flexibility and a comfortable salary. I want to be a part of a company who is ethical and innovative. I would like to be presented with interesting problems and be personally instrumental in finding a solution. I want to be able to use my experience outside of work both as a volunteer and a role model. In all, I see a future based on ADA education as a very rewarding one.

_After reading Ada’s Vision, Mission, and Inclusivity Statement, how will you contribute to Ada’s vision for an inclusive and diverse community?_
 * After reading Ada’s Vision, Mission, and Inclusivity Statement, I feel that I will be able to positively contribute to Ada’s vision for both an inclusive and diverse community. I found the Social Justice reading and videos on the JumpStart course very useful for refreshing my previous knowledge, as well as teaching me new concepts. Although it’s easy for me to say that I would never do anything to challenge diversity or inclusion, I also need to recognize that there’s many privileges I’m granted of which I’m not always aware. In addition to being more reflective, I will also seek to gain perspective on the experiences of those with different privileges than me. I will continue to be mindful and educate myself so that I’m a constructive part of an inclusive and diverse community.

_Tell us about a time you made a mistake you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?_
 * The last mistake I made which I learned a lot from occurred when I procrastinated writing an important paper until the day before it was due. What should have been an easy paper to write became very high stress, and my quality of work was definitely impaired. Furthermore, my choice to stay up working on it the majority of the night made the next day very unproductive for me and really sent the rest of the week into a downward spiral. I’ve learned now to always begin whatever project I’m working on early in order to have an accurate idea of how much time I need and what road blocks I’m going to need to tackle. Even little things, like choosing what I’m going to wear to work, I try to do sooner than later to prevent any last minute crises. Procrastination is a weakness I constantly struggle with, but it’s a problem I’ve recognized and will continue to focus on fighting it so that it won’t interfere with the quality of my work. 


 
 
